Excuse me, Brother Ghost, where is this place?
You call me Big Brother Ghost Cha, where do you say this is?
Yes, why do I feel so familiar with the sword?
And instinctively call this strange person who has never been seen a ghost.
Am I dead?
Is this the Netherworld?
Is this the Netherworld?
The Netherworld has not arrived yet, and it is only after passing the gate of hell in front of it.
Am I dead?
Nonsense, can the living come here?
I am dead.
What do you think?
My name is Fang Da, and I am a child born into an ordinary family.
When I was a child, I was what many parents called other people's children, not because I was talented
The talent is exceptional just because I am more curly than everyone around me
My classmates and colleagues all affectionately call me Curl King because I am particularly capable of
The volume is special, and the volume is also very loving. I am very happy about the victory after the volume wins others.
Therefore, no one around me can get past me.
I have excellent academic performance since childhood, and as expected, I was admitted to a famous school in Peking University
Graduate with a postgraduate degree
Entered a multinational group abnormally as desired, and was promoted to
The middle management of the group company became the youngest middle management of the group company
cadre
Today is the first important project I participated in after my promotion. Bidding is going to participate in the bidding
There was a car accident on the way.
I seem to only remember the sound of the ambulance coming from far and near.
Then he lost consciousness, and when he became conscious again, he was met by this person who had never met him
But I recognized at a glance that it was the eldest brother of the ghost errand who was holding the ghost lock
Walking on my way to the gates of hell, it seemed that I had died in a car accident.
Oh, what bad luck. I've been working hard for more than 20 years, and my life has just entered a good situation.
It ended because of a mysterious car accident
